improve wording in agent dual shipping guide (#13813)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/dual-shipping.md

For data from these products, when setting up additional endpoints, you must explicitly set `use_http` to tell the Agent which transport to use. The same transport configuration is shared among all additional endpoints.

The `is_reliable` setting tells the Agent to treat this endpoint with the same priority as the primary endpoint. The primary endpoint is always reliable. This ensures that data is not missed if a destination becomes unavailable. 

> For example, if you're sending data to the main endpoint and an additional endpoint with `is_reliable: true` and one endpoint becomes unavailable, data continue to flow to the other endpoint. If both endpoints become unavailable, the Agent stops reading and sending data until at least one endpoint recovers. This ensures all data makes it to at least one reliable endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you're sending data to the main endpoint and an additional endpoint with `is_reliable: true`, and one endpoint becomes unavailable, data continues to flow to the other endpoint. If both endpoints become unavailable, the Agent stops reading and sending data until at least one endpoint recovers. This ensures all data makes it to at least one reliable endpoint.
```

> The `is_reliable` setting defaults to `false`. We recommended you set `is_reliable` to `true`. Unreliable endpoints only send data if at least one reliable endpoint is available. You may define multiple additional endpoints with mixed use of `is_reliable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `is_reliable` setting defaults to `false`. Datadog recommends that you set `is_reliable` to `true`. Unreliable endpoints only send data if at least one reliable endpoint is available. You may define multiple additional endpoints with mixed use of `is_reliable`.
```

Reviewer: "You may define multiple additional endpoints with mixed use of `is_reliable`": does this mean using both `is_reliable: true` and `is_reliable: false`?

Author: Each additional end point can contain the `is_reliable` flag, and it can be set to `true` or `false`. For example - you can have 4 additional endpoints where 2 are reliable and 2 are not.
